Readme improvements (#8)
angelolab/SpaceCat: README.md

### Metadata Format
The metadata file should contain any image level and tissue specific information. 
The one required column is **image column**, named the same as in the cell table, so that the metadata can be merged into the cell table and stored in the anndata object created in the next step.
The example metadata.csv contains the image column `fov`, a column denoting which tissue sample an image belongs to `Tissue_ID`,	
a column denoting which patient the tissue belongs to `Patient_ID`, information on which timepoint the sample was collected at `Timepoint`, and 
the location of the sample `Localization`.

### Conversion Steps
If your single cell table is in csv format, it can be quickly converted to anndata using the below code.

Step 1: Read in the data files.
```commandline
import os
import anndata
import pandas as pd

# read in data
data_dir = '/Documents/SpaceCat/data'
cell_table = pd.read_csv(os.path.join(data_dir, 'cell_table.csv'))
metadata = pd.read_csv(os.path.join(data_dir, 'metadata.csv'))

# merge metadata into cell table if needed

> cell_table = pd.merge(cell_table, metadata, on=['fov'])

Author: Yeah we could definitely just append it at the end.
We can either add the metadata as it's own dataframe in adata.uns['metadata'] or just merge it with the combined_feature_data tables. This would be guidance code in the readme, no need to build it into the SpaceCat functions.

```

## Preprocessing
Your single cell data will require some preprocessing before SpaceCat can generate features. 
This preprocessed anndata output will only need to be generated once and saved.

**You will need to provide appropriate thresholds to indicate whether a cell is positive for each marker. 
This information will be used to generate functional marker [features](#feature-descriptions) in SpaceCat.**
```commandline
functional_marker_thresholds = [['Ki67', 0.002], ['CD38', 0.004], ['CD45RB', 0.001], ['CD45RO', 0.002]]
```

Then, you can run the preprocessing function and save the resulting anndata.
```commandline
from SpaceCat.preprocess import preprocess_table

adata_processed = preprocess_table(adata, functional_marker_thresholds)
adata_processed.write_h5ad(os.path.join(data_dir, 'adata', 'adata_processed.h5ad'))
```

## Feature Generation
### Running SpaceCat
Once we have the appropriate input, we can set the required parameters and generate some features!

> The required variables are:

Reviewer: I think we should try and have these variable names line up with the names in the `AnnData Conversion` section. That way, we only have to list/explain them once, and it will be consistent throughout the readme. 

It might even be the case that we don't need to have separate sections listing them, and can just refer to previous description? Let me know what you think.

Author: I agree, having the information twice is a bit overkill, but I wanted to make sure the arg names were specified down here for the user. Jolene suggested using the `_key` format to align with what scanpy/squidpy does, so let me see if I can condense the two sections.

adata_processed.uns['excluded_features'].to_csv(os.path.join(data_dir, 'SpaceCat', 'excluded_features.csv'), index=False)
```

### Feature Descriptions

> Each of the features are computed at two region levels, image-wide and within individual compartments (if specified).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All features are computed separately in each image. In addition, if you provided optional compartment assignments, the features will also be computed within each compartment.
```

- `density`: The number of cells divided by the area of the region.
- `density_ratio`: The ratio between the densities of cell types.

>   - Using a minimum density threshold for ratios, if both cell densities were below the threshold, the ratio for that image was not calculated.

Reviewer: I think we can have a separate section that talks about when features are not calculated. For this high-level summary in the readme, I think we can skip it

> - `functional_marker`: For each cell type/functional marker combination, the proportion of cells above the marker-specific threshold was calculated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `functional_marker`: For each cell type/functional marker combination, the proportion of cells positive for that marker, using the supplied marker-specific thresholds to determine positivity.
```

>   - Marker frequencies were not computed for regions with fewer than a set minimum number of cells.

Reviewer: same thing here, can remove the minimum cells info
